Live: adding docs (#34642)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/live/live-ha-setup.md

+++
title = "Live HA setup"
description = "Grafana Live HA setup guide"
keywords = ["Grafana", "live", "guide", "ha"]
weight = 130
+++

# Configure Grafana Live HA setup

Live features in Grafana v8.0 are designed to work with a single Grafana server instance only. We will add the option for HA configuration in future Grafana releases to eliminate the current limitations.

> In Grafana v8.0, if you have several Grafana server instances behind a load balancer, you may come across the following limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, if you have several Grafana server instances behind a load balancer, you may come across the following limitations:
```
